Xu Lingxi, daughter of Xu Shangshu, warmly invites you
What does King Qi think?
That jade sky
As early as the day my beloved was married, he was broken by me
My Xiao Quan
I will only think of it again when I cooperate with him in this life
His Royal Highness the King of Qi is actually inconvenient. I heard that Empress Shen is also a must to move forward.
Why don't Empress Shen accompany me to play together?
What the hell?
How can I be gluttonous?
Yes, my sister is not convinced by the Empress Dowager's Yaxing today.
I have lived in the cold palace for a long time
What kind of money do you want to cut me? I won't talk about it for a long time.
Sister, you're welcome.
My sister has already prepared it for you.
Maybe you can feel it as soon as you touch it.
Empress Shen, don't shirk anymore
Go ahead.
Xu Shi, what are you capable of?
What attack?
Dare to let my beloved concubine backing track for you
Minister, you dare not